how did you get out there fires game its
twenty stories indoor meds intimidating
tell us a little bit about yourself
Parker not much to tell really Peter
look soo is aunt and uncle did you catch
that spider guy yet no but we will this
guy wears a mask like an outlaw I think
he's trying to do something maybe the
police can't hint huh you know if you're
gonna steal cars don't dress like a car
key you're calm you seriously think I'm
the cop and the skin tie red and blue
suit who are you
I know it's been rough for you here I
forgot all about that thing it was your
dad's your father was a very secretive
man Peter dr. Claire's I'm Richard
Parker's son your father and I were
gonna change the lives of millions
including mine extraordinary how did you
come up with this
there's a rumor of a new species in New
York you can be aggressive if threatened
I gotta stop him because I created him
that's not your job maybe it
38 of New York's finest versus one guy
in a unitard Wow
if you want the truth Peter
come and get it
I am issuing an arrest warrant for the
masked vigilante known as spider-man
travel